#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile
# To update, run:
#
#    make upgrade
#
amqp==2.6.1
    # via kombu
backoff==1.10.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
billiard==3.6.4.0
    # via celery
boto3==1.17.72
    # via django-ses
botocore==1.20.72
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
celery==4.4.7
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   edx-celeryutils
certifi==2020.12.5
    # via requests
cffi==1.14.5
    # via cryptography
chardet==4.0.0
    # via requests
coreapi==2.3.3
    # via
    #   django-rest-swagger
    #   openapi-codec
coreschema==0.0.4
    # via coreapi
cryptography==3.4.7
    # via
    #   pyjwt
    #   social-auth-core
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via
    #   python3-openid
    #   social-auth-core
django-cors-headers==3.7.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-crum==0.7.9
    # via
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-rbac
django-extensions==3.1.3
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-filter==2.4.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-model-utils==4.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   edx-celeryutils
    #   edx-rbac
django-rest-swagger==2.2.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-ses==2.0.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-simple-history==3.0.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-waffle==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-drf-extensions
django==2.2.23
    # via
    #   -c https://raw.githubusercontent.com/edx/edx-lint/master/edx_lint/files/common_constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   django-cors-headers
    #   django-crum
    #   django-extensions
    #   django-filter
    #   django-model-utils
    #   django-ses
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-jwt
    #   drf-nested-routers
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   edx-celeryutils
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-rbac
    #   jsonfield2
    #   rest-condition
djangorestframework-csv==2.1.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
djangorestframework==3.12.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   django-rest-swagger
    #   djangorestframework-csv
    #   drf-jwt
    #   drf-nested-routers
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   rest-condition
drf-jwt==1.19.0
    # via edx-drf-extensions
drf-nested-routers==0.93.3
    # via -r requirements/base.in
edx-auth-backends==3.3.3
    # via -r requirements/base.in
edx-celeryutils==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
edx-django-utils==4.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   edx-drf-extensions
edx-drf-extensions==6.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   edx-rbac
edx-opaque-keys==2.2.0
    # via edx-drf-extensions
edx-rbac==1.4.2
    # via -r requirements/base.in
edx-rest-api-client==1.9.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.in
future==0.18.2
    # via
    #   django-ses
    #   edx-celeryutils
    #   pyjwkest
idna==2.10
    # via requests
itypes==1.2.0
    # via coreapi
jinja2==2.11.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   coreschema
jmespath==0.10.0
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
jsonfield2==4.0.0.post0
    # via edx-celeryutils
kombu==4.6.11
    # via celery
markupsafe==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   jinja2
mysqlclient==2.0.3
    # via -r requirements/base.in
newrelic==6.2.0.156
    # via edx-django-utils
oauthlib==3.1.0
    # via
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   social-auth-core
openapi-codec==1.3.2
    # via django-rest-swagger
pbr==5.6.0
    # via stevedore
psutil==5.8.0
    # via edx-django-utils
pycparser==2.20
    # via cffi
pycryptodomex==3.10.1
    # via pyjwkest
pyjwkest==1.4.2
    # via edx-drf-extensions
pyjwt[crypto]==1.7.1
    # via
    #   -c https://raw.githubusercontent.com/edx/edx-lint/master/edx_lint/files/common_constraints.txt
    #   drf-jwt
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   edx-rest-api-client
    #   social-auth-core
pymongo==3.11.4
    # via edx-opaque-keys
python-dateutil==2.8.1
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   edx-drf-extensions
python3-openid==3.2.0
    # via social-auth-core
pytz==2021.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   celery
    #   django
    #   django-ses
redis==3.5.3
    # via -r requirements/base.in
requests-oauthlib==1.3.0
    # via social-auth-core
requests==2.25.1
    # via
    #   coreapi
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-rest-api-client
    #   pyjwkest
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   slumber
    #   social-auth-core
rest-condition==1.0.3
    # via edx-drf-extensions
rules==3.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
s3transfer==0.4.2
    # via boto3
semantic-version==2.8.5
    # via edx-drf-extensions
simplejson==3.17.2
    # via django-rest-swagger
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   djangorestframework-csv
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-rbac
    #   pyjwkest
    #   python-dateutil
    #   social-auth-app-django
    #   social-auth-core
slumber==0.7.1
    # via edx-rest-api-client
social-auth-app-django==4.0.0
    # via edx-auth-backends
social-auth-core==4.0.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   social-auth-app-django
sqlparse==0.4.1
    # via django
stevedore==3.3.0
    # via
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-opaque-keys
unicodecsv==0.14.1
    # via djangorestframework-csv
uritemplate==3.0.1
    # via coreapi
urllib3==1.26.4
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   requests
vine==1.3.0
    # via
    #   amqp
    #   celery
zipp==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.in
