#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.12
# by the following command:
#
#    make upgrade
#
amqp==5.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   kombu
analytics-python==1.4.post1
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
asgiref==3.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django
    #   django-cors-headers
astroid==3.3.9
    # via
    #   pylint
    #   pylint-celery
attrs==25.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
backoff==1.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   analytics-python
billiard==4.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
bleach[css]==6.2.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
boto3==1.37.18
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-ses
botocore==1.37.18
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
celery==5.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-celery-results
    #   edx-celeryutils
certifi==2025.1.31
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests
cffi==1.17.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cryptography
    #   pynacl
charset-normalizer==3.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests
click==8.1.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
    #   click-didyoumean
    #   click-log
    #   click-plugins
    #   click-repl
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-lint
click-didyoumean==0.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
click-log==0.4.0
    # via edx-lint
click-plugins==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
click-repl==0.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
code-annotations==2.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-lint
    #   edx-toggles
cryptography==44.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   pyjwt
    #   social-auth-core
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   python3-openid
    #   social-auth-core
dill==0.3.9
    # via pylint
django==4.2.20
    # via
    #   -c requirements/common_constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-autocomplete-light
    #   django-celery-results
    #   django-cors-headers
    #   django-crum
    #   django-durationwidget
    #   django-extensions
    #   django-filter
    #   django-log-request-id
    #   django-model-utils
    #   django-ses
    #   django-simple-history
    #   django-waffle
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-jwt
    #   drf-nested-routers
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   edx-celeryutils
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-rbac
    #   edx-toggles
    #   jsonfield
    #   social-auth-app-django
django-autocomplete-light==3.12.1
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
django-celery-results==2.5.1
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
django-cors-headers==4.7.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
django-crum==0.7.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-rbac
    #   edx-toggles
django-durationwidget==1.0.5
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
django-extensions==3.2.3
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
django-filter==25.1
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
django-log-request-id==2.1.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
django-model-utils==5.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-celeryutils
    #   edx-rbac
django-ses==4.4.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
django-simple-history==3.8.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
django-waffle==4.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-toggles
djangoql==0.18.1
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
djangorestframework==3.15.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   djangorestframework-csv
    #   drf-jwt
    #   drf-nested-routers
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   edx-drf-extensions
djangorestframework-csv==3.0.2
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
dnspython==2.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   pymongo
drf-jwt==1.19.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
drf-nested-routers==0.94.1
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
drf-spectacular==0.28.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
edx-auth-backends==4.4.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
edx-braze-client==0.2.5
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
edx-celeryutils==1.3.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
edx-django-utils==6.1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-rest-api-client
    #   edx-toggles
edx-drf-extensions==10.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-rbac
edx-lint==5.6.0
    # via -r requirements/quality.in
edx-opaque-keys==2.12.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
edx-rbac==1.10.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
edx-rest-api-client==6.1.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
edx-toggles==5.3.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests
inflection==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   drf-spectacular
isort==6.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.in
    #   pylint
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   code-annotations
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
jsonfield==3.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-celeryutils
jsonschema==4.23.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   drf-spectacular
jsonschema-specifications==2024.10.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   jsonschema
kombu==5.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   jinja2
mccabe==0.7.0
    # via pylint
monotonic==1.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   analytics-python
mysqlclient==2.2.7
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
newrelic==10.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   social-auth-core
pbr==6.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   stevedore
platformdirs==4.3.7
    # via pylint
ply==3.11
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   djangoql
prompt-toolkit==3.0.50
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   click-repl
psutil==7.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
pycodestyle==2.12.1
    # via -r requirements/quality.in
pycparser==2.22
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cffi
pydocstyle==6.3.0
    # via -r requirements/quality.in
pyjwt[crypto]==2.10.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   drf-jwt
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-rest-api-client
    #   social-auth-core
pylint==3.3.6
    # via
    #   edx-lint
    #   pylint-celery
    #   pylint-django
    #   pylint-plugin-utils
pylint-celery==0.3
    # via edx-lint
pylint-django==2.6.1
    # via edx-lint
pylint-plugin-utils==0.8.2
    # via
    #   pylint-celery
    #   pylint-django
pymongo==4.11.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-opaque-keys
pynacl==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   analytics-python
    #   botocore
    #   celery
python-slugify==8.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   code-annotations
python3-openid==3.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   social-auth-core
pytz==2025.1
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   drf-spectacular
redis==5.2.1
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
referencing==0.36.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   analytics-python
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-rest-api-client
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   social-auth-core
requests-oauthlib==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   social-auth-core
rpds-py==0.23.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
rules==3.5
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
s3transfer==0.11.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   boto3
semantic-version==2.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
simplejson==3.20.1
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   analytics-python
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   edx-lint
    #   edx-rbac
    #   python-dateutil
snowballstemmer==2.2.0
    # via pydocstyle
social-auth-app-django==5.4.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-auth-backends
social-auth-core==4.5.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   social-auth-app-django
sqlparse==0.5.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django
stevedore==5.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-opaque-keys
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   python-slugify
tinycss2==1.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   bleach
tomlkit==0.13.2
    # via pylint
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-opaque-keys
    #   referencing
tzdata==2025.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
    #   kombu
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   drf-spectacular
urllib3==2.2.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/common_constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   botocore
    #   requests
vine==5.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   amqp
    #   celery
    #   kombu
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   prompt-toolkit
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
zipp==3.21.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
