#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.8
# by the following command:
#
#    make upgrade
#
amqp==5.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   kombu
analytics-python==1.4.post1
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
asgiref==3.7.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django
    #   django-cors-headers
astroid==2.11.7
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   pylint
    #   pylint-celery
async-timeout==4.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   redis
attrs==23.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
backoff==1.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   analytics-python
backports-zoneinfo[tzdata]==0.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   backports-zoneinfo
    #   celery
    #   django
    #   kombu
billiard==4.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
boto3==1.34.21
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-ses
botocore==1.34.21
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
celery==5.3.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-celery-results
    #   edx-celeryutils
certifi==2023.11.17
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests
cffi==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cryptography
    #   pynacl
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
    #   click-didyoumean
    #   click-log
    #   click-plugins
    #   click-repl
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-lint
click-didyoumean==0.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
click-log==0.4.0
    # via edx-lint
click-plugins==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
click-repl==0.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
code-annotations==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.in
    #   edx-lint
    #   edx-toggles
coverage[toml]==7.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.in
    #   pytest-cov
cryptography==41.0.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   pyjwt
    #   social-auth-core
ddt==1.7.1
    # via -r requirements/test.in
defusedxml==0.8.0rc2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   python3-openid
    #   social-auth-core
dill==0.3.7
    # via pylint
django==4.2.9
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-autocomplete-light
    #   django-celery-results
    #   django-cors-headers
    #   django-crum
    #   django-durationwidget
    #   django-extensions
    #   django-filter
    #   django-log-request-id
    #   django-model-utils
    #   django-ses
    #   django-waffle
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-jwt
    #   drf-nested-routers
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   edx-celeryutils
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-rbac
    #   edx-toggles
    #   jsonfield
    #   social-auth-app-django
django-autocomplete-light==3.9.7
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
django-celery-results==2.5.1
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
django-cors-headers==4.3.1
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
django-crum==0.7.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-rbac
    #   edx-toggles
django-durationwidget==1.0.5
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
django-dynamic-fixture==4.0.1
    # via -r requirements/test.in
django-extensions==3.2.3
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
django-filter==23.5
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
django-log-request-id==2.1.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
django-model-utils==4.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-celeryutils
    #   edx-rbac
django-ses==3.5.2
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
django-simple-history==3.4.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
django-waffle==4.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-toggles
djangoql==0.18.1
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
djangorestframework==3.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   djangorestframework-csv
    #   drf-jwt
    #   drf-nested-routers
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   edx-drf-extensions
djangorestframework-csv==3.0.2
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
drf-jwt==1.19.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
drf-nested-routers==0.93.5
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
drf-spectacular==0.27.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
edx-auth-backends==4.2.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
edx-braze-client==0.2.2
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
edx-celeryutils==1.2.3
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
edx-django-utils==5.10.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-rest-api-client
    #   edx-toggles
edx-drf-extensions==9.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-rbac
edx-lint==5.2.5
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.in
edx-opaque-keys==2.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
edx-rbac==1.8.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
edx-rest-api-client==5.6.1
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
edx-toggles==5.1.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
exceptiongroup==1.2.0
    # via pytest
factory-boy==3.3.0
    # via -r requirements/test.in
faker==22.2.0
    # via factory-boy
freezegun==1.4.0
    # via -r requirements/test.in
idna==3.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests
importlib-resources==6.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
inflection==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   drf-spectacular
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via pytest
isort==5.13.2
    # via pylint
jinja2==3.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   code-annotations
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
jsonfield==3.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-celeryutils
jsonschema==4.21.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   drf-spectacular
jsonschema-specifications==2023.12.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   jsonschema
kombu==5.3.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
lazy-object-proxy==1.10.0
    # via astroid
markupsafe==2.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   jinja2
mccabe==0.7.0
    # via pylint
monotonic==1.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   analytics-python
mysqlclient==2.2.1
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
newrelic==9.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   social-auth-core
packaging==23.2
    # via pytest
pbr==6.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   stevedore
pkgutil-resolve-name==1.3.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   jsonschema
platformdirs==4.1.0
    # via pylint
pluggy==1.3.0
    # via pytest
ply==3.11
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   djangoql
prompt-toolkit==3.0.43
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   click-repl
psutil==5.9.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
pycparser==2.21
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cffi
pyjwt[crypto]==2.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   drf-jwt
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-rest-api-client
    #   pyjwt
    #   social-auth-core
pylint==2.14.5
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   edx-lint
    #   pylint-celery
    #   pylint-django
    #   pylint-plugin-utils
pylint-celery==0.3
    # via edx-lint
pylint-django==2.5.5
    # via edx-lint
pylint-plugin-utils==0.8.2
    # via
    #   pylint-celery
    #   pylint-django
pymongo==3.13.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-opaque-keys
pynacl==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
pytest==7.4.4
    # via
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-django
pytest-cov==4.1.0
    # via -r requirements/test.in
pytest-django==4.7.0
    # via -r requirements/test.in
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   analytics-python
    #   botocore
    #   celery
    #   faker
    #   freezegun
python-slugify==8.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   code-annotations
python3-openid==3.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   social-auth-core
pytz==2023.3.post1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-ses
    #   djangorestframework
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   drf-spectacular
redis==5.0.1
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
referencing==0.32.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   analytics-python
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-rest-api-client
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   slumber
    #   social-auth-core
requests-oauthlib==1.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   social-auth-core
rpds-py==0.17.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
rules==3.3
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
s3transfer==0.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   boto3
semantic-version==2.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
simplejson==3.19.2
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   analytics-python
    #   django-autocomplete-light
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   edx-lint
    #   edx-rbac
    #   python-dateutil
slumber==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-rest-api-client
social-auth-app-django==5.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-auth-backends
social-auth-core==4.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   social-auth-app-django
sqlparse==0.4.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django
stevedore==5.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-opaque-keys
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   python-slugify
tomli==2.0.1
    # via
    #   coverage
    #   pylint
    #   pytest
tomlkit==0.12.3
    # via pylint
typing-extensions==4.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   asgiref
    #   astroid
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   edx-opaque-keys
    #   faker
    #   kombu
    #   pylint
tzdata==2023.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   backports-zoneinfo
    #   celery
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   drf-spectacular
urllib3==1.26.18
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   botocore
    #   requests
vine==5.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   amqp
    #   celery
    #   kombu
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   prompt-toolkit
wrapt==1.11.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   astroid
zipp==3.17.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   importlib-resources

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
